It's been two days
since Min Ho and I crashed and burned.
At least. I think it's been two days.
I've lost all track of time.
I now measure the day
in the number of times
I look at photos of us when we were happy.
Or the number of texts I've sent
that he's ignored.
Or my personal favorite.
by counting all the things
that I could've done differently.
Maybe I should just go home.
No one hates me at home.
When the pendulum swings
I know it's gonna get me…
God. I can almost smell
Lara Jean's famous chocolate chip cookies.
Wait. I actually can smell
LJ's famous chocolate chip cookies.
What?
Hello?
Hi. sister.
Oh!
I can't believe it. Thank you.
Tell me everything.
- After you take a shower.
- That's mean.
I'm very fragile right now.
Good Lord! I am ripe!
- I'm so sorry.
- It's okay.
- I'm gonna deal with it. Right now.
- Mm-hmm.
Ugh.
And then I fully accused Min Ho
of getting Eunice pregnant.
- Okay. that's not great.
- No.
Um. but isn't this whole thing just.
like. a big misunderstanding?
Sure. One that proves
he should be with somebody else.
Someone unlike me.
What's that supposed to mean?
I don't know. I just… I've always thought
maybe he'd want someone more in his world.
Like a K-pop star.
Okay. if that fool can't see how awesome
you are. then he needs. like. LASIK.
But I should have trusted him.
Hey. didn't he lie to you
about where he was that night?
And… and about the necklace?
Only because he was trying
to be a good friend to Eunice.
the way our mom was
to Yuri's mom back in the day.
Then he should've trusted you.
Well. I don't even trust myself right now.
Like. I was wrong
about Jiwon and Alex being a match.
and then I messed up my entire friendship
with Q in a stupid blurt.
Okay. stop acting like your life is over.
Stop it.
You still have plenty of time left
in your senior year.
And then you're coming
to New York with me.
Speaking of which.
how is your NYU essay going?
Not great.
Wait. what?
When are the early admissions apps due?
Ah. something like.
if I do the time change.
I'm at. like. 12 hours.
Kitty! We talked about applying early
being your best chance of getting in!
I know.
but the essay prompt is impossible.
"Who are you?"
Hello? I don't know
or even like who I am right now!
Okay. your pity party is over.
I had the entire summer
to show you my New York.
And you have. like. less than 24 hours
to show me your Seoul.
And I texted Jiwon.
and she's meeting us for lunch.
Okay. fine. I can handle that.
I thought you were gonna
make me write that essay.
No. yeah. I'm totally gonna
make you write that essay.
But first. we have
to get your head on right. So let's go.
You'd be giving up your dream.
Yeah. Honestly.
when I thought I was pregnant.
I was scared at first.
But when you told me
my career would be over.
it was odd. but suddenly. I felt relieved.
I don't have any privacy.
and always having to be perfect…
it's too hard.
Once I tell my dad.
you know there's no going back.
I know.
But fame isn't what I want.
Min Ho. I'm really sorry.
I didn't know it would turn out like this.
No. you should do what you want.
Thank you so much.
You were a great manager
to me. but an even better friend.
Are you crazy?
She's blowing up the charts.
You have to hold her to her contract.
I can't do that. Dad. Eunice is my friend.
This is just not right.
Then you're not right for this job.
I wanted to believe that you had
what it takes. but clearly you don't.
You're fired.
Sorry again for all the drama
at your dad's restaurant.
Oh. no worries.
I'm sorry that Jin punched you.
Did you figure out
what you're gonna do about this situation?
Let's see.
Jin's ignoring me
when I need to talk to him.
and Marius. who normally
leans strongly towards asshole.
left me a really nice gift.
See my dilemma?
Kitty just got broken up with too.
I'm sure she's down to talk.
She's done enough talking.
It's her big mouth
that got me in this mess.
Yeah.
What do you think I should do?
You want to talk feelings with… me?
Yeah. um…
Were you happy with Jin?
I mean. I thought I was.
but part of me is wondering
if maybe I went all in on Jin
because I was nervous
to admit what I had with Marius.
Mm.
Oh. it's my turn again? Well…
If Kitty had never come to KISS.
I'd have to spend the rest of my life
wondering what could have been.
Right.
Can't know what's at the end of the road
unless you go down it.
Exactly.
Wait. Am I good at this?
Oh yes. Yes.
Truthfully. this reservation is
for the designer Yisoo--
Hello?
Yisoo's craving Impossible again. huh?
- There's a reason that's the name.
- Yeah. tell me about it.
I love this. Who designed it?
Um. that would be me. I thrifted the ties
and turned them into this.
You're submitting your designs
to the contest. right?
Me? No. I'm just an assistant.
So? Everyone who submits
is an up-and-comer.
- I wouldn't even know where to begin.
- Try a pencil and paper.
- Mm.
- You're talented. Yuri.
Do you want to make dinner reservations
for the rest of your life?
- Ready to go?
- Yeah. let me go grab my stuff.
Um. is this a date with Gigi noona?
No. First Kitty and now you.
Does everyone think
I'm just some miserable player?
No. I don't think that.
I know how much you care about Kitty.
I'm sorry about
what happened between you two.
I feel really bad.
Like. I got her all worked up and I--
You didn't make her accuse me of cheating.
or getting Eunice pregnant.
- That was all her.
- Valid.
But for what it's worth.
she feels terrible.
It is what it is.
- Ready?
- Yes.
I can't believe how well you know Seoul.
It's such a great city. isn't it?
And the shopping?
I got tech for Dad. O'Sulloc tea
for Trina. and PDRN cream for Margot.
I also saw you got character socks.
And I know who those are for.
- Does that mean--
- We are not back together.
But Peter is coming to New York.
Just to talk.
Because we are still 5.000 miles apart.
literally and emotionally.
Well. I'm not gonna give up hope.
I know you two are endgame.
Mm. I don't know about that.
but I will keep you posted.
This is a pleasant surprise.
- How's the eye?
- It's healing.
Thank you for the flowers.
That was thoughtful.
Of course.
Look. I think we should talk
about what you told me the other night.
How you came back to KISS for me?
I know that was a lot.
And I definitely overstepped
if you have a new boyfriend.
Had.
I… Actually. I don't even know
what Jin and I are right now.
Well…
I was just gonna go on a ride if…
if you're down.
What does it feel like
Not holding on to memories
'Cause everything's still
Not falling into place
Yuri. what's going on?
Are you okay?
Is this SpongeBob wearing a kilt?
No. it's supposed to be
a yellow puffer and a plaid skirt.
I'm entering this fashion design contest.
and I can't draw to save my own life.
I can draw. remember?
- I'm down to help.
- You'd do that for me?
- Yeah.
- Thank you!
So. Yuri. are you excited for tonight?
Um. I've never been
on a blind date before.
- But it was sweet of you to set me up.
- Mm.
What now?
You remember Sophie?
She's one of the DJs over at Sugar Bar.
I think her and Yuri
will really hit it off.
Yeah. totally.
I think I know what I'm wearing.
but help me with my makeup?
Absolutely.
- I'm thinking neutral shadow. Maybe pink.
- Oh. yes. Love that.
So. you work for a book editor?
- I'm an editorial assistant.
- For now.
She wants to be a writer. she's working on
her first novel. It's amazing.
I don't know about that.
but. uh. I did finally finish it.
Yeah. it's the upside of being single.
I've got lots more free time.
Are you gonna show it to your boss?
Oh no. God. no. I am too scared
to see what she's going to think.
- Hi.
- Hi!
Welcome!
- What would you like to eat?
- One kimchi dumpling.
One pajeon…
- Good with beef tartare?
- Mm-hmm.
And three yukhwae bibimbaps
as well. please.
Oh no. Can you take off
one yukhwae. please?
- So two yukhwae bibimbaps?
- Yes. please. Thank you.
Okay.
- But you love yukhwae.
- I'm not eating raw foods.
Oh. my boss is so afraid of salmonella.
She's pregnant.
so she can't really eat any of that stuff.
Your Korean is getting
really good. Kitty. I'm jealous.
Um. so Kitty says that
you're an amazing teacher.
I bet your halmoni is so. so proud.
Mm-hmm. Excuse me.
I need to go to the bathroom again.
She and Imo-Halmoni
aren't really speaking right now. So…
But she doesn't normally
get that emotional.
Mm. I get it. My boss. she just.
like. cries at the drop of a hat.
- Your pregnant boss?
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh my God.
- What?
Part of why I thought Eunice was pregnant
was because Yuri and I found
a positive pregnancy test at Chuseok.
And Eunice was never pregnant?
- No.
- Uh-uh.
I can't tell
if that was terrifying or exhilarating.
You know I aim to please.
Could you guess where I was taking you?
Yeah. our old spot.
Unless you take
all your sneaky links down here.
We've had lots of good hangs here.
but that doesn't all
have to be in the past.
I want another chance…
with you.
I'm sorry. was it your eye?
No.
Do you remember
the last time you brought me here?
Of course. Our sophomore year. Last day.
I remember asking you
if we could be a real couple.
You made me believe that we could.
And then you ghosted me.
But I came back.
And I came back for you. I've changed. Q.
Yeah. When you were finally ready.
Even though I had a boyfriend.
Not everything can be on your timeline.
Things are different now.
I've changed too.
And a lot of that is because of Jin.
So that's it. then?
You're not even gonna try?
We've been down this road before.
This is where it ends.
Pay attention
You seriously thought I'd enjoy this?
Ugh. Can we take a break? My hands are
gonna need a paraffin dip after this.
Aww! If your nail breaks.
bill me for the manicure.
Forget the bill.
I don't think I'll make it to the top.
That's why I brought you here.
- I heard what happened with your dad.
- Yeah.
It just felt nice to have him
believe in me for a change.
He should. You are a good person. Min Ho.
- Tell that to Kitty.
- Oh. so you still care what she thinks?
I just can't get past it. The trust thing.
She says she was in her own head.
worried she didn't fit in my world.
But I never made her feel like that.
It… doesn't mean she didn't feel that way.
Your whole world is intimidating.
Red carpets. K-pop stars…
- I mean. your own dad just fired you.
- True.
Look. I don't know what to do
about you and Kitty. but I do know
that you don't need to take
the path set out by your dad.
Right. Then what?
I mean. you produced
the hell out of Eunice's music video.
Maybe your talents are bigger
than just controlling artists' lives.
Maybe. But without my dad's support.
it'd be pretty hard to make it.
You know. it's easy
to take the obvious path.
But the riskier one
is way more satisfying.
Wanna give it a go?
All right.
No. I cannot get involved. LJ.
I have overstepped
so many times this semester.
If I do it one more time.
Jiwon might never speak to me again.
No. okay. Kitty. I know you better
than anyone else in the world.
You are a good person
with good intentions.
And Jiwon might
really need your help right now.
Help with what?
I found a positive pregnancy test
at Chuseok.
We think it might be yours.
And you don't have to say if it was.
but we are here for you.
What am I gonna do?
My halmoni and I fought so hard
for me to get here.
and instead of proving
I could handle myself. I got pregnant.
And now I've ruined my life and his too.
No. you have not ruined anything.
Have you told the father?
An unplanned pregnancy will be
extra-triggering for him because…
Because he was unplanned himself.
It's Alex. isn't it?
Yeah. Uh…
We met at summer orientation.
and I wasn't into him at first.
He's so earnest. and that accent…
But I love him.
This is wonderful.
But his dad is my boss.
and we couldn't get caught.
so we kept it secret
and played up that we didn't get along.
I'm so sorry. Kitty.
No. I… I've been such a hypocrite.
No.
I… I was so hard on you
for focusing on a boy.
when I was busy
focusing on my own romance.
No. It's okay.
I know this is scary right now.
but if I've learned
one thing about you this semester.
it's that you are brilliant and so strong.
And honestly. you're a total baddie.
And I'm sure that's why Alex fell for you.
And I know he's gonna be there for you.
And we're gonna be there too.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Hey. What's going on?
- You've seemed off all day.
- Right.
Okay. um. I wanna be mature about this.
You setting my ex up
on dates is just… weird.
Because you still have feelings for her?
No. no. no. no. I just…
Yuri was my first love.
And I think
that I'm always gonna care about her.
I'm sorry. I'm trying to be honest.
I know you are.
I'm glad we're being honest.
That's the healthiest way to break up.
What? No. I thought
we were being. like. evolved here.
- I didn't say I wanted to break up.
- Look.
I deserve to be with someone
who's excited to see me
every time I walk into a room.
The way you are when you see Yuri.
Maybe I was setting Yuri up because.
deep down. I knew you felt this way.
and… I didn't want her to be available.
But… if I'm feeling insecure
and you're feeling…
a little bit… jealous?
Maybe we're doing something wrong here?
Hey. what are you doing?
I just got an email from Seoul National.
I didn't get in.
Really? You're the first in our class.
Mm.
I was always worried I wouldn't be
able to go because of the money.
I never even thought I wouldn't get in.
Yuri asked me the other day
if I had my own dream.
Dream? You have one?
Mm.
I do.
Uh…
But it's a little crazy.
Is it music. by chance?
How did you know?
Last year you held yourself back
from the stage.
but you ended up doing really well.
I have an idea…
Wouldn't it be fun
if you and I made music together?
It would be fun. of course.
but is that as easy as it sounds?
It won't be easy.
but it's something you have a taste for.
What do you say?
Chalk. I'm sorry.
Okay. she's telling him.
Mm!
Wow.
To think Mom set up Jiwon's parents
all those years ago.
and now you're bringing
Jiwon and Alex back together.
I think if Mom could see
you now. she'd be so proud of you.
I know I am.
Do you really mean that?
Kitty. at 16. you flew across the world.
You learned a new language. and you built
a rich life for yourself in Seoul.
How can you not see how amazing that is?
I mean. it's what you did
when you went to New York.
God. it was so hard for me to go.
I mean. I had never been on my own
'cause I'd always had my sisters.
I was so scared to put myself out there.
but not you.
You're the brave one.
The leaps that you take
and the lengths that you go to for others.
that's what makes you. you.
And your heart is
always in the right place.
Thank you. sister.
Who am I?
For better or worse. I'm someone
who's not afraid to take a leap.
When I'm lucky.
I find a net there to catch me.
like my incredible family
who's always there for me.
But even when I've made mistakes
and fallen. I've been stretched.
Stretched by an amazing city that
I will forever consider a second home.
It's taught me things
I never knew I needed to learn.
Like how to show up for people
when they need me.
How to be open
to unexpected relationships.
Or how to pivot when relationships turn
out to be different than what I expected.
It takes courage to leap.
but it also takes courage
to pick yourself up when you fall
and keep going. to grow.
But that's exactly what I intend to do.
'cause I know there's
so much more of myself to discover.
I'm not done leaping yet.
I'm barely getting started.
I love it. Kitty.
If this doesn't get you in.
they are fools.
Thank you. For everything.
Okay.
Ah. okay. Here we go.
What's wrong?
Early decision feels so… binding.
Like. if I do get in…
then I'm going to NYU next year.
I thought that's what you wanted.
Yeah. I love NYU. and I would be
so excited to go to New York.
and be closer to you and home. But…
Seoul has become such a big part of me.
And I can imagine myself staying here too.
I get that.
I mean. you built
a whole life for yourself here.
And Min Ho's here.
I would be lying
if I didn't say a part of me…
still hopes we work out.
Still hopes that we're… endgame.
The way I know you and Peter are.
I don't know what's gonna happen
between you and Min Ho.
between me and Peter.
But we can't just stop living our lives.
I think that we have to follow our hearts
and trust that it will lead us
to our next great adventure.
Okay. here goes nothing.
- I love you.
- I love you. Kitty.
Hi. sorry I'm late. I hope you weren't
working too hard without me.
Not too hard.
How did your date with Sophie go?
Not bad. yeah. She asked me out again.
You gonna go?
Yeah. she's nice.
And your girlfriend has good taste.
But we already knew that.
That's great. I'm happy for you.
Show me what you've been working on.
You remember this one?
Wait. no. You fixed SpongeBob.
- A little tweaking. but it's your vision.
- It's so good.
Just hear me out. Please.
This summer. I was confused.
It was before you visited me.
and I was lonely at USC. and…
I slipped.
But I'm not confused anymore. Jin.
You…
You are my person.
Can we please start over?
Maybe we can talk about
what that would look like.
As long as there are
no more secrets between us.
I promise.
I took the time
to go down that road with Marius.
but the choice is clear. I choose you.
Down the road? What does that mean?
Nothing. That we…
We rode to our old spot. Let me finish.
That place. it made me realize
that you were the one that I want.
Q. I didn't need
to spend time with someone else
or go on some romantic ride
to know you were the one.
- I know. and I'm sorry.
- No. I changed who I was for you.
I used to be the guy
who wouldn't let anyone in.
but I trusted you and I let you in.
I'll never make that mistake again.
I wish you could stay longer.
Me too. but I have to get back before
my boss realizes I do not have norovirus.
And you have to get to Korean Lit.
You know. you could distract your boss
by sending her your manuscript.
I already did.
Wait. what? Are you serious?
Yeah.
I sent it last night.
I feel like I was just so scared.
you know. to do it because.
like. everything would
just become so real.
Like the future.
New York. and I really do not know
what the future holds for Peter and I.
But I can't not bet on myself.
And that is
why you are the perfect role model.
I can't believe I'm going to be related
to a New York Times bestselling author.
I love you. Kitty.
I love you too. LJ.
Please don't make me fly
across the world to fix your life again.
I'll try my best.
Okay. you're gonna be late. Go. go.
- Oh my God.
- You're gonna be late. Go. go.
Yo. Min Ho!
Yeah. um…
Why don't you go ahead? I'll catch up.
Lara Jean.
Hi. Min Ho.
How's Kitty?
Honestly…
She's great.
I thought I was coming here to help her.
And as it turns out. at the end of this.
she was the one who inspired me.
She's a really great person
to have in your corner.
Yeah.
She really is.
Just don't forget that.
Oh. Let me get that for you.
Thank you.
Only in silence and I fell for your
Waning sugar kindness
And I fell for your
But you needed to be touched
And I could tell your
Sickness had enough
Only in silence
And I fell for your
Waning sugar kindness
But you needed to be touched
And I could tell your
Sickness had enough